Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-lab-7-list-implementation-solution
<br>
This lab gives you practice in working with our implementation of the dslist class that mimics the STL list class. Create a directory/folder named lab7 and download these ﬁles into that folder: The implementation of the dslist class is incomplete. In particular, the class is missing the destroy_list private member function that is used by the destructor and the clear member function. The provided test case in lab7.cpp works “ﬁne”, so what’s the problem? Before we ﬁx the problem, let’s use Dr. Memory and/or Valgrind to look at the details more carefully. You should use the memory debugging tools both on your local machine and by submitting the ﬁles to the homework server (we have set up a practice space for Lab 7). Study the memory debugger output carefully. The output should match your understanding of the problems caused by the missing destroy_list implementation. Ask a TA if you have any questions. Now write and debug the destroy_list function and then re-run the memory debugger (both locally and on the submission server) to show that the memory problems have been ﬁxed. To complete this checkpoint, show a TA the implementation and memory debugger output before and after writing destroy_list. Checkpoint 2 One subtle diﬀerence between the STL list implementation and our version of the dslist class is the behavior of the iterator that represents the end of the list (the value returned by end()). In STL you may decrement the end iterator. For example, you can print the contents of a list in reverse order: std::list<int::iterator itr="my_lst.end();" while (itr !="my_lst.begin())" { itr--; cout << *itr; } the syntax is admittedly rather awkward, that’s why we might typically prefer to use a reverse iterator do this task. how does dslist class behave on corresponding test case? try it out. could you ﬁx implementation so that more closely matches behavior of stl version? there are couple diﬀerent options... if can’t come up with one quickly, please raise your hand and ask ta. make necessary changes out solution. complete checkpoint, describe ta changed allow end be decremented. checkpoint 3 for remainder lab time, work homework 5 mentors lots questions! show or mentor cases (handdrawn “box &#038; pointer” diagrams) separate function discuss proposed algorithm resulting output those functions. what cost operation in terms # unlinks, links, length track cars must dragged? dr. memory valgrind local machine debug usage program (both errors leaks). (∼10 minutes before lab:) entire lab, progress homework. < p></int::iterator>